fix: add match arguments (#13)
jina-ai/executor-weaviate-indexer: README.md

    f.post('/find', parameters={'filter': filter_})
```

### Limit results

In some cases, you will want to limit the total number of retrieved results. `WeaviateIndexer` uses the `limit` argument 
from the `match` function to set this limit. Note that when using `shards=N`, the `limit=K` is the number of retrieved results for **each shard** and total number of retrieved results is `N*K`. By default, `limits` is set to `20`. For more information about shards, please read [Jina Documentation](https://docs.jina.ai/fundamentals/flow/topology/#partition-data-by-using-shards)

```python
f =  Flow().add(
    uses='jinahub+docker://WeaviateIndexer',
    uses_with={'match_args': {'limit': 10}})
```

### Configure other search behaviors

You can use `match_args` argument to pass arguments to the `match` function as below.

```python
f =  Flow().add(
     uses='jinahub+docker://WeaviateIndexer',
     uses_with={
         'match_args': {
             'metric': 'euclidean',

>              'use_scipy': True}})

Reviewer: this parameter is irrelevant to weaviate

```

- For more details about overriding configurations, please refer to [here](https://docs.jina.ai/fundamentals/executor/executor-in-flow/#special-executor-attributes).

> - You can find more about the `match` function at [here](https://docarray.jina.ai/api/docarray.array.mixins.match/#docarray.array.mixins.match.MatchMixin.match)

Reviewer: let's also mention the /search endpoint

    f.post('/find', parameters={'filter': filter_})
```

### Limit results

In some cases, you will want to limit the total number of retrieved results. `WeaviateIndexer` uses the `limit` argument 
from the `match` function to set this limit. Note that when using `shards=N`, the `limit=K` is the number of retrieved results for **each shard** and total number of retrieved results is `N*K`. By default, `limits` is set to `20`. For more information about shards, please read [Jina Documentation](https://docs.jina.ai/fundamentals/flow/topology/#partition-data-by-using-shards)

```python
f =  Flow().add(
    uses='jinahub+docker://WeaviateIndexer',
    uses_with={'match_args': {'limit': 10}})
```

### Configure other search behaviors

You can use `match_args` argument to pass arguments to the `match` function as below. The match function will be called
during `/search` endpoint.

```python
f =  Flow().add(
     uses='jinahub+docker://WeaviateIndexer',
     uses_with={
         'match_args': {
             'limit': 5, 
}})
```

> - For more details about overriding configurations, please refer to [here](https://docs.jina.ai/fundamentals/executor/executor-in-flow/#special-executor-attributes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For more details about overriding configurations, please refer to [this page](https://docs.jina.ai/fundamentals/executor/executor-in-flow/#special-executor-attributes).
```

> - You can find more about the `match` function at [here](https://docarray.jina.ai/api/docarray.array.mixins.match/#docarray.array.mixins.match.MatchMixin.match)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can find more about the `match` function at [this page](https://docarray.jina.ai/api/docarray.array.mixins.match/#docarray.array.mixins.match.MatchMixin.match).
```

### Configure the Search Behaviors on-the-fly

> **At search time**, you can also pass arguments to config the `match` function. This can be useful when users want to query with different arguments for different data requests. For instance, the following codes query with a custom `limit` in `parameters` and only retrieve the top 100 nearest neighbors. This will overwrite existing `match_args` if defined when initialized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**At search time**, you can also pass arguments to config the `match` function. This can be useful when users want to query with different arguments for different data requests. For instance, the following codes query with a custom `limit` in `parameters` and only retrieve the top 100 nearest neighbors. This will override existing `match_args` if defined during Executor initialization.
```
